# Search-Engine-Web-Scraper
During the pandemic, the demand for electronic items such as monitors and graphics cards had seen a massive increase in demand. Therefore, the motivation for this project was quite simple. I wanted to create an easy to use type of search engine that has a varity of websites to choose from in which you can search any item that you want and will receive information on that item (ie. price, availability, name, etc) Furthermore, this information given will be printed without the fear of targeting ads towards the user.
This project was created in my first year of my Computer Science degree and used aspects and librairies of Python to create the code. The main libraries used for the project was BeautifulSoup and Selenium. BeautifulSoup is a well known HTML parser and Selenium also includes aspects of HTML parsing. What my project does is that it parses the HTML and gets the location of specific information (ie. price, availability, name, etc, and prints it into a readable manner for the user. This is done through a loop for all items on a page, and is done for at least 5 pages. A search input is asked from the user in which the input is replaced in the URL of a specific website to take get the information from the correct website for the user. The specific code for each website is put into its own function and all functions are put into one main loop that keeps asking the user for input until the user decides to quit.
One challenge that I faced while working on this project was the specific information on some websites that were unable to be scraped with Python's BeautifulSoup library. I was able to find out that the main issue for this was that some websites couldn't simply be scraped and the actual site had to be open to retrieve the information. A fix for this was to use Python's Selenium library to physcially open the website, scrape the necessary information, and then close the site. 
Some features I would like to add to this project is the ability to actually be able to buy a specific item chosen. To give the user the ability to get all the information of a product and then go to a checkout store where the user can buy the product and get it shipped. Furthermore, I would like to make the entire search engine look better graphically and to actually implement this code into a website. 
